Add Overlays help docs (#191)
bump-sh/docs: src/_help/specification-support/overlays.md

---
title: Overlays
---

- TOC
{:toc}

> Note: The Overlays Specification of OpenAPI is currently in
> beta. It is [sufficiently stable for experimentation](https://github.com/OAI/Overlay-Specification?tab=readme-ov-file#current-status),
> however please be advised that it may change depending on the
> community feedback.
{: .info}

> The Overlay specification of OpenAPI makes it possible to modify the content of an API definition file by adding a layer on top of it. That layer helps adding, removing or changing some or all of the content of the original definition. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Overlay specification makes it possible to modify the content of an API definition file by adding a layer on top of it. That layer helps adding, removing or changing some or all of the content of the original definition. 
```

> From an OpenAPI definition file containing your API description, and an Overlay definition file, you can merge the two into a new definition file that you will deploy on Bump.sh.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From your API description, and with an Overlay definition file, you can merge the two into a new definition file that you will then deploy to Bump.sh.
```

> The Bump.sh CLI lets you [merge the files](/help/continuous-integration/cli#bump-overlay).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Bump.sh CLI lets you [merge the files](/help/continuous-integration/cli/#bump-overlay-definition_file-overlay_file).
```

The resulting file can then be [deployed and released](/help/publish-documentation/) to Bump.sh as per your usual workflow, whether manually, via our CLI, API or GitHub Action.

> Discover our [Augmenting Generated OpenAPI Documents with Filters & Overlays](/guides/openapi/augmenting-generated-openapi/) guide to learn more about this new OpenAPI feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Discover our [Augmenting Generated OpenAPI Documents with Filters & Overlays](/guides/openapi/augmenting-generated-openapi/) guide to learn more about this new feature.
```
